everybody's brine known as sketch on the
community guy at bungie I'm joined here
by Marcus lato creative director for
halo reach and Lorraine mclees senior
graphic designer who helped work on a
lot of his cool stuff that were going to
talk about here today first things first
let's talk about the different flavors
of halo reach that are available we'll
start with this guy so this is a really
unique package first and foremost and my
understanding is it's actually modeled
and designed around fictional objects
found inside the game average yeah it's
like a data storage unit that only uses
Plato cleaned up so you'll get the full
the full version of the game obviously
go get something extra cool as well and
break the seal this is journal from dr.
Halsey slam so dr. Halsey for those who
don't know of course being the creator
of the Spartan program also we know her
as the person who created the AI court
on okay this is her notes her private
journal everything from her thoughts as
for the creating of the Spartan program
you then something I mean that there
that's what this letter says that we're
in possession of the most complete and
accurate account that anyone has been
able to assemble of the spec war group
three noble actions during the final
weeks before the Covenant class reach
that would be this in this courage
alright so that was the limited edition
but now I think what everybody's really
dying to see is of course the granddaddy
of them all the ranged legendary edition
the beloved space great let's take a
peek and see what we got so first thing
went off to that you'll get the entire
limited edition inside which one halls
journal and your copy have reached the
game but what really makes this this
version special is what's underneath
this styrofoam block here so this is a
noble team statute this is a memorial to
kind of commemorate the ultimate
sacrifice that noble team had to make
who actually do this work well the
actual manufacturing creating all of the
molds and all of that was done by in
McFarland studios and we created the
poses here with you know with Marcus
totally capturing I share a little bit
yeah all of your older characters so we
are capturing the personalities of each
member of mobile team I've also heard
that these are actually quite limited
this time so if you don't get your hands
on one soon there's a good chance they
are going to be gone these will actually
be a lot more sparse in the market than
the handle if your legendary edition was
so microsoft recently revealed a brand
new console for the xbox 360 but what
we've been working on in secret behind
the scenes is taking that new console by
making it unique for Halo fans this is
the limited edition xbox 360 halo reach
console it does include a copy of the
game as well Wow oh and just like the
packaging that we slid out of the game
it looks like even the console has also
been sort of given the same fictional
treatment and been meant to feel like a
real piece of hardware that you would
find inside the game so you'll get the
game with it and then it also comes with
two matching controllers wireless weeks
that will vary up very nicely well this
is pretty awesome and there's definitely
something for everyone here from the
standalone version of reach which of
course we also game itself is ubiquitous
no matter what you purchase all the way
up to the granddaddy of all legendary
edition and of course the brand new
console all of this coming out on
September 14 head into your favorite
retailer and preorder one while you
still can
you